okay guys welcome back look we're ten
with another clash of clans video right
now just going to show you guys the
minion video of the new clash of clans
update on clash of clans facebook page
I'll put a link in the description and i
won okay whatever but um i'll put a link
in the description so yeah enjoyed the
video
ok guys so as you can see by that um no
video at the minions they look pretty
terrifying well not really but it look
pretty powerful so ok so first thing is
you can probably notice is they find
units that's good and then they're also
ranged and then you might be like ok
when they die what do they do they drop
a regular gear stone order click sir and
they chop a dark elixir I don't even
think my Master's show up i think my
settings for my video recording is
actually not letting me show my mouse
but if it is this is what I mean so the
one right next to the elixir and gold
mine click and close the cannon also ok
so and then no one ok this is what I
want so you could see look at all right
ok whatever but the elephant's you can
see it's actually showing a rocket right
over the archer tower so that obviously
says that the UM trees wait ok that
obviously says that the minions are air
units so that's going to be an
interesting set strategy and with new
air units and them accosting dark elixir
and just having new units in general
this is going to make the game a little
bit more interesting and for high-level
people also it's going to be interesting
if they actually decide to make levels
for these guys there's are going to be
three news guys and they might even add
a new building called probably a dark
barracks that there's probably 10 actual
dark troops so this game is actually
starting to evolve more and more pretty
impressive so um the stats um
approximately are 37 to 39 damage per
shot and they attack about every second
maybe a little bit faster so um well
let's actually check the wiki ok I think
that's ok let's see a barbarian that's
even more than a level 6 barbarian
Archer sorry for any always oh wait Oh
get quite there that's more than I level
6 ok I'll level 6 Archer and then well
since also you could see that these got
the minions do attack all let's find it
let me try to fight it it's not only
resource when I saw the pictures I
actually thought they were going to be
new goblins but not exactly hey wait
okay as you can see the minions are
actual attacking that cannon so you
could obviously see that the not only
resources but they are also defense is
so thick that means that they are
attacking any so goblin till five would
do 30 to attack any but on resources 64
so in all the pretty strong but the hip
points it takes to UM shots from an
archer tower I think level 7 let's see
what yeah level 7 they searched error
right next to the air defense that's
level seven hours hair and it took two
hits from hit that guy so and each hit
from an arch terror is about 42 damage
let's check that so they have more than
know they have 84 hit points or less so
let's see little seven hit 42 / shot
okay so that concludes my minion
overview and the video I'll probably do
the one for the hog rider and the veldt
valkyrie i can't pronounce that sorry
okay guys that Colin's my video have a
good day